# Pipeline Scheduler Project
## Project Overview
This Python-based project simulates a pipeline scheduler for a 5-stage FDEMW scalar processor. It's aimed at understanding and implementing programmatic scheduling of instruction sets, typically performed manually or in hardware description languages.

## Features
* Simulates instruction scheduling on a 5-stage scalar pipeline.
* Processes various instruction types, including R, I, L, and S, with potential forwarding paths.
* Uses test data for debugging and validation purposes.
## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
* Python (version specified in the makefile)
* GNU Make
### Running the Program
To run the project:

1. Copy Test Data: Place your test data into the test.in file.
2. Build and Execute: Run the command:
make test\
This will execute the program using test.in as input and produce an out.txt file with the output.

## Test and Debugging
The project includes a set of test input files and their corresponding expected output files:

### Input Files
Located in the [Test Input Files](Test%20Input%20Files) folder:

* [seq0.txt](Test%20Input%20Files/seq0.txt)
* [seq1.txt](Test%20Input%20Files/seq1.txt)
* [seq2.txt](Test%20Input%20Files/seq2.txt)

## Output Files
Located in the [Test Output Files](Test%20Output%20Files) folder:

* [seq0.out.txt](Test%20Output%20Files/seq0.out.txt)
* [seq1.out.txt](Test%20Output%20Files/seq1.out.txt)
* [seq2.out.txt](Test%20Output%20Files/seq2.out.txt)

These files contain the expected results for each corresponding input file.

## Input and Output Format
* **Input**: Input files [test.in](test.in) contain up to 32 lines in specified formats for R, I, L, and S type instructions.
* **Output**: The program outputs to out.txt, detailing the completion cycle for each instruction stage (F, D, E, M, W), encoded as two-digit decimals.

## File Structure
* **[Sched.py](Sched.py)**: Main Python script for the pipeline scheduling.
* **[Makefile](Makefile)**: Used to automate the build and execution process.
* **[test.in](test.in)**: File where test data is placed for processing.
* **out.txt**: Output file generated by the program.
* **[Test Input Files](Test%20Input%20Files)**: Contains test input files for debugging.
* **[Test Output Files](Test%20Output%20Files)**: Contains expected output files for verification.
